CASM-4815: updating README (#328)
Cray-HPE/cray-product-catalog: README.md

services namespace via a Kubernetes job as part of a Helm chart. The image
could also be used via podman on an NCN, but this has not been tested.

> NOTE: As of 2.3.0 version of cray-product-catalog, the configmap for cray-product-catalog has been split into multiple configmaps in the services namespace. The main configmap is referred to as cray-product-catalog and the product specific configmap is named as cray-product-catalog-<*product-name*>.
> 
> The main cray-product-catalog has entries for each product version and the product specific catalog includes entries for each version along with the details.
> 
> 
> The migration of cray-product-catalog from version prior to 2.3.0 to 2.3.0 is automatically performed when the cray-product-catalog helm chart for 2.3.0 version is installed.

Reviewer: Linting.

```suggestion
NOTE: As of 2.3.0 version of cray-product-catalog, the configmap for cray-product-catalog
has been split into multiple configmaps in the services namespace. The main configmap is
referred to as cray-product-catalog, and the product-specific configmap names have the format
cray-product-catalog-<product-name>.

The main cray-product-catalog configmap has entries for each product version. The
product-specific configmaps include detailed entries for each version of that product.

The migration of the configmap format into the one described above is automatically performed
when the Helm chart for version 2.3.0+ is deployed.
```
